Southern Pacific, more like sucking Penis.
Stop putting liquids in the pit!
This is BS.
Crock and Rail Torture.
I forgot how weird the crumbs at the bottom taste.
YES WE GET YOU WERE RA**D NOW SHUT IT.
mhmh aww but why.
Peachy senpai, put a networking cable in my ass.
Oh hey it's Nutttt.
Nutt is a better fuel than Reinforced Fuel.
uWu Everybady, Welcum to thuh South.
Hardcore Porn Factory: Pumping Industrial Nudes Since BR!
Ima write an erotic JCIR fanfic tmmr.
I swear the Steven X Connie it will happen and IM GONNA MAKE IT AND NOBODY IS GONNA STOP ME.
It's not gay if you are God.
Wrong hand running.
Your a Dumbaxe.
Villagers are just sentient emerald ore, it's fine.
Why are there so many GIANT FLAMING BONER WHEELS?
Don't you love it when you have a bunch of Angry Boners in a pit?
Oh no the Boner Caster teleported away!
I apparently have Danny Devito foot fetish.
gENital jOUSting on the NES!?
Peach is gonna go add that to his Wank Bank.
I don't recall being a bomb, I'd think I'd know if I was.
§odies of internal combustion§r
o-oh, my bad im so terribly sorry..oh fuck.
a-ah shit im g-gonna bLOW!
Ugh I'm sleeping! Ugh I'm getting gangbanged! Ugh I'm dead!
psHAWWAWAWAAAASSHHH! Its like putting a Horseraddish in a Blender!
Oh my mouth tastes like a Bath and Body Works.
Alright, this should work, let's test it...I'm assuming it didn't work.
Ope, my address was there.
Peach, stop having anal intercourse with the spikes.
WhaT! I'm not doing incest with the bees!
A RECTANGLE IS A SQUARE!
No! don't sit on my CF7 book!
That's weird, it works in the Test Enviorment...
HELP ME! THE PIGMEN HAVE GUNS!
oOooO we'll give this one an H!
The cubes pissed on your face and you died!
I hate you but I like you no homo ARE YOU SHITTING ON ME!?
What are you sUcking gUAHH gUAHH!
Squidward, I require your Nutt for my Splattershot.
I will lick whipped cream off of your Fursuit.
The literal JCIR Server falls into a pit and dies.
Meowcat likes to show his hot buns with chocolate all over them.
Introducing Solar-Powered Communism!
Well dammit, I was gonna tell him about the Butt Ship!
God dammit Lionel.
JCRail likes trains.. and he likes the smell.
Ive been building dicks since the 6th grade.
Dude, I just got stabbed, Chill.
Okey, Thankies from Mcspankies. No prob Ron the Don.
My dad went outside with a can of propane and told me not to follow him!
They changed the cum robot!? You can't just change the cum robot!
wooAOOAAAAAAAAAHHH its upSIDEdoWWWNNN!
JC is bullying the sentient explosives!
42 Dollars for a Snow Cone??
I think I need a Scooby Doo tie-fighter now.
Don't make me feed you Opium!
I like sweet old ladies!
I'm a level 1 hoe!
§oleans in real close §rI got a fROZeN nUTsAcK!
Ive got to put my Gold Quality Eggplant away!
Ghosts shop at K-Mart!
That egg's been in my pocket for two weeks! That doesn't matter...
Preserve the Furry Hentai!
Smother you in my toe juices!
whERES thE qUoTE lISt!??
oOoOO that grill! f o a m.
gAaAah Fluidic Meat!
I guess that fluid meat penis is gonna stay there forever.
Who wants to help Sculpt my ass?
I will go get the aSS and I will smOTHer you with it!
Let me introduce you to Villager Milking Chamber Number 3!
You colonizing prick! Give me my slaves back!
Just because I colonized your children doesn't mean you can take me to court!
That ones got a Butt Steering Wheel! You don't see that everyday!
My banana has Crits! I wonder what this tastes like!
ThiCC bOx brOo can I mount it!?
Go bite me in the ass Tumblr!!
Bill Nye is the new Trans Guy!
Ah, so you had sex with the gas station pole?
Just to satisfy my fucking ego...
Im gonna fucking deck you.
Crash report saved to: #@!@#...
Do you want to IMPORT FERN?
Giant happy furnaces, now sponsored by the British Government.
British Empire vs one thicc boi.
That junction looks like a dick, cant unsee.
The ability to force people out of TC stock is one power many consider to be unnatural. . . sorry BigJ this is my peen caboodle.
We don't want to hear your vast intellect about dolphin pleasure times.
Then damn JC your kidney is some good fucking food.
MFW planters peanut angsty teen years.
Its not yiff if its trains.
Fuck I got my dick stuck in an assembler.
A prick sounds so much fun!
BigJ! I got a present for you! It's a load of Sewage!
Vertical boiler doesn't do blowjobs anymore.
Who is Mayeeta Bandit?
My pants...
Hariesh... Shut up for a sec.
Oops.
Overwatch should be Vacbanned.
The Chipotle. Its Back!
Can I get D.Va Bathwater?
In 1700 fucking whatever Rez did a thing. The End.
I don't think that is in the Anime.
Did you read the Manga?
Whoa! That's pretty spicy! I better put it in Foamzone.
Be free Thanos! Go to Mexico!
My Frames.
Who the hell says I have a pleasant facial structure!?
Its not Crocket Science.
It wobbles like Jelly!
Quadalicious.
My GameBoy meets Tier 4 Emissions Standards!
I should get these Niagara's before they're gone. Oh no, they're gone.
§oSanta Noises§r
What the Fridge!?
Hey everybody, Welcome back to Downtown Trains!
Im Rock Solid for Rock Island.
Corncob Couplers!
Get clapped on!
O Gauge or No Gauge!
Pizza Powered!
Man I'm such a thicc person.
Why are there Tier 4 Gevos at the North Pole?
Oh Fuck, the British Empire colonized the North Pole!
I don't wana get a whopper, I wana go home!
Groceries, Why do you have to be weird?!
The BBC robot started to rape me aH!
I can deal with the BBC! §o2 seconds later §rOH NO I CANT DEAL WITH THE BBC!
OH NO ITS ACTUALLY WORKING WTF?!
$2.69 for a Can of Flex Seal up my ass?!
Its already in the archives. Shut the Fuck Up.
Buy both. You Fucker!
Oh my God Orion's a Bus?!
Police issued AK-47
Why isn't it exploding? §oFucking dies in Explosion§r
You've saved me! OH Nevermind!
I overdosed on Bathsalts and Plungers.
Oh Shit! Popeyes Chicken Sandwich is back!
You don't know how long I wanted to stab someone with a Kitchen Utensil.
§oDeep Booming Voice §rOH SHIT I DON'T HAVE POWERPOINT!
Oh look, a phot, I must consume!
O-Oh God... §oBreaths§r AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
That's a Basketball you Retard!
Crush the blacks! That's not racist, that's a color correction term!
Fucking vertical bitch is still in the floor!
ACKNOWLEDGE I LIKE COCK!
I just shot a beetle to death!
Somehow the conversation has shifted to "Cum Powered Time Machine"
hAh jokes on you! I have the bot muted! Oh shit maybe I don't.
Spaghetti-O-Frameo.
I also burnt dinner
It's called Wizard 101!
I'm too school for cool!
He's a swash-buckiling cock-suckling pirate!
He has his cock in the McChicken!
I like that name, Dildo.
IT FUCKING FURRY PORN!
INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT!
I prefer CBT.
Infusing Factory! §orecord scratching sounds§r
Techman can you PLEASE stop taking a shIT?
Wait so your saying Meowcats your girlfriend now?
Oh no! ITS FASTER BALLSACK!
Stay hydrated, this is a threat. OOH! RUFFLES!
§oManiacal laughing and car acceleration sounds through a Phone Microphone§r
I'm currently committing hate crimes against city speed limits!
I can count to the number six!
That's insulting to the Dodge Neon!
I haven't even begined and it's already spoiler!
That looks O-Gauge as hell.
Beep Boop it fucking broke.
It literally looks like it has a small penis!
Who humps cactus!? You!
nUtt 1066 is now playing heARts of bINg bOng 12
Hold on tight to your udders now!
oOOh i made a penis!
Minecrart!
woAh its GEVO but like nOT..
I was just going with the safe bet that your crazy.
You fucker, he has his cock in the McChicken.
What pronouns does your Diet Coke tank car use?!
Why aren't you dying? I'm in a wheel chair you cant kill me!
gAAAH the bed!
Motel 6 1/2!
I bought 25 strange red tape recorders!
It's like there's an up, and then there's a down!
YOUR NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN HAVE BIRDS COME OUT OF THEIR ASS! HURRAAAGGHHH!
I threw my cum bottle and it immediately exploded! Shut up Siri you didn't need to know that!
Hey gUYs whats this fUnkY dark liquid? gEAHH!?!?
No todd howard! I don't want you to give me Giant Rat Balls!
I have sexy Lara Croft boxes!
I'm gonna steal the Governor of Michigan!
ehey wow my names not benis
Do you wanna stare at this post with me?
Obligatory Bababooey
My name is not Brain Blast Junior!
Banana you Hoe!
I'm breathing in, my testicles. Nerds.
COMEON BING!
Alright File Explorer! Come on! Come on! §ostarts breaking down§r
Make is a semitone flatter
Rez put down an Anvil, I need to forge a meme.
Remember JC looks like Todd Howard.
Why does he have like 5 Thomas's?
waaAAAAthere goes the server!
Then I go LEEROOYYY and then I died!
NO! PINNAPPLE!
Do you want me to pull out then?
Peach why did you post porn in the bagelmemes channel?
WHO NEEDS A FANCY VR SYSTEM WHEN I HAVE A WIIMOTE STRAPPED TO MY FACE!?
ITS NOT GAY ITS FUN!
Whalecum to SDM's Botanical Garden of Bullshit
Spainus in the Anus!
DON'T CHECK #fart-channel FOR THE LOVE OF GAWWDDDD!!!!!!
awwee damnit I don't have a spoon YOU SUCK!
(in the background) GO GET ME A SPOON!
pp you ritard! aeowawowa!
Binky is confirmed Roblox cola!
Minecraft Steve snorted coke off Alex's ass!
OH NO IM OOOLLLDDDD!
I will fight you with a wooden sword in my backyard!
yEAh brO im phAT at tHe mIlkBaGs!
Electromotive's Dick!
What happened to Circuit City? It died. Wow.
Yeah bro I simp for Blomberg B's
Obama Ballsack Hand!?
Um, I'm riding Peter Griffin.
So you are a moaner, huh? One stroke and you scream?
The squish-squash sound!
Just starting rubbing until you can't.
The sounds he was making, like AAAA!!
Turbtable.
He's gonna nico nico my kneecaps!?
Why are you coomin all over my stairs?
My bathwater was illegally pirated from me.
jC I paint a doo it's pretty yeetsauce poggle doo!
awesome poggers yeetsauce.
Jeez gamer, I know you like E units but you dont gotta scream it.
uh UH theres a tree! Getaway tree!
The inside of it does NOT agree with that statement!
Hey guys, wanna buy my junk from my attic?
Look at us, were so good!
Smokey the Bear ain't got shit on me!
[JCRail: Given [Bababooey Water] * 64 to JCRail]
Laugh at the funny sex fish!
Therefore your a SIMP!
You need to double check the B Bida.
TAKE. MY. BANANA.
Well surprise Michael my fingers aren't on the ends of my hands, they're up my Ass!
That's the great thing about the Floor!
You guys didn't fucking made us!
Are you anti-british or something??
America's gone rouge!
It's a matter of stopping America from taking over the fucking world!
That's pretty cool Peach, You made Minecart reproduction!
I see one gay.. I see two gays!
B, 2!
I should make a BEVO lol
That plum was almost my downfall!
How do I make wood wheel?!
I made wood wheel!
rUbber bOOd!?
I think ive added the rubber bood! FUCK.
Damnit Thanos! What did i tell you about mounting me!
Do you simp for Don Ross?
I'm the only fish in the sea meant for you.
Oh, im in Orion's garage!
JC the bowling pins have gotten loose.
And now, is the time to empty my inventory in a random freight car!
That's sus as fuck.
BigJ stop putting your dick in the library!
Any% beat my meat speedrun.
Like the oo-BOAT not the i-BOAT.
I GOT KILLED BY GAY SEX!? And we lost.
Stupid discord you make me look bad!
Can I get an Autograph?
Welp, looks like its time for me to file divorce papers with the Quotes List
Don't be startled, it's just my meAT!
§oSneezes §rHi I'm from Ancient Greece!
§oMeet the Sniper intro§r Shittin's a good job mate!
Getting real tired of GitKrackens BS
Unexpected Hungarian Dance No. 5 in G Minor by the London Philharmonic Orchestra!
Oh No!
aAaAA why do I have a 1957 by 1351 photo of fEET!?
§oLoud Cracking§r PREPARE TO DIE!
i want to sue messi cus his station froze my game
oh no i made the disembodied snowplow happy again!
#gooeygang!
#GUIgang!
you sound like HEEBO SKEEBO from PAC MAN AND THE GHOSTLY ADVENTURES
hehe lawyer noises
Pulls out a Gun Sure we Can!
howcome nobody wants to say which shit is yours??
OH MY GOD ITS CROPPED YIFF! AAAAGGGGHHHH!
im using the cum gravel just like you asked!\
dont you hate when you go to squidwards tiki land and all the tikis have cardiac arrest?
why you lookin at the gay frogs AGAIN jc??
nobody can penetrate me!
fIIIIne mOTHEr
egg. §oshotgun noise§r
why did you fill your inventory with meat impossible objects?
IDK I PUSHED A BUTTON AND THEY ALL APPEARED!
Cheese land!? From the GBA!?
weed moment
[Orion_8559: Given [Florb (Gelid Cryotheum)] * 1 to Orion_8559]
techman you fucking suck
says the guy with 6000 animals in his basement!
the M in ASMR stands for Messicrew!
hi i am the uk
Do I hear a FOAMER?!
That's cool Tom Hanks but no one fucking asked
“Prime boomer time” so like 10-3 on a Tuesday
new crispy pretzel chicken fries only at burger king!
my client was uhh, emotionally hurt!
GLaDOS: aah im milk!
i can see you through my ass!
emd designing the spooky passenger things!
ah ah ah too gay too stinky
Ow! Santa shot me!
you dont have a lot of bALLS
if you dont have at least 100 then im dissapointed!
JCs getting his Festive Spirit on!
oh its blinking cum, oops!
Baldi's Basic's in Christmas Lighting!
Big street, Big Sky, Big House! . . NotSoBig Truck!
uh oh, were going on JC's attic tour
fickin AT walker, almost tripped me up!
oh look an E-
Goodbye JC's Attic!
Im gonna drag his remains over here. . .
now you will see me scream violently and throw lights!
i couldnt hear anything but "anus" and "gevo"
im gonna grab my big ball of cum and start throwing it on the tree!
hand it over big boy!
how do you cut something gay?!
you ever seen Christmas with the Cranks?
Tim Allen was shot by JCRail
Ooh! Free Tim Allen eXP!
Rez come here im gonna vore you!
Do we have any feet in the modpack? no we dont darn
OMG Elvis pooped an emerald!
oh wait, shit, thats the Fart Channel!
just taaaake a glance! its innnnnn your pants!
im sphewkeh! im hareer!
§oJC struggle noises§r
darn i guess im wheezer!
darn i guess patricks a homosexual now
I found the JonTron Rape Whistle!
aAAaAa so rushed!
Aw damnit! §oJCRail fell from a high place.§r No wait!
I know making chicken fries at Sonic takes a lot of effort,
go mad with the horny power!
google search me and you'll get some rocks. and maybe my youtube channel.
What the Metra is going on here!?
ICE CREAM?
DO IT AGAIN, I WASN'T LOOKING!
cause that's the way things happen on the Wolf Fox Railroad!
Oh my god! He dropped 2 dollars!
oh look! he actually dropped his meat!
to the moon like vector!
too bad! you get hyper-compressed Wario Fart!
Rez do you have the power of Arm-GOD DAMNIT
Damnit JC!
Out of the Pickle and into the Jar!
Its like assembling a sandwich, made out of stairs...
AaAaA theres a face on this!? what the fuck?!
canada!? since when!?
this is uh, super mario, and uh he has this little asshole here, uh
oh no its a zombie im gonna step on you! FAUCK YEWWW!
were gonna unbox Goku!
cool cutout with the pink aaiweighuh, yellow cumshot!
their like: oh were fast §ofshweewwwwssshhhhh!§r
the blue cumshot just came out, hangon!
I hate this Anime Packaging!!
i dont know why theres so much blue cum in here....
i dont know if this is water or liquid blue shit
hes taking a torrental piss at someone
now hes on a blue piss boat!?
the ovular piss piece or the umbrella piss shape?
i guess these are like the piss motors?
this my piss fighter, see the little pis guns on the side go pew pew
goku got like, little nipples on his hands
piss Goku cant hold it...?
This is some really heavy ass piss hes holding
Jeezus Goku!
Hey Goku, thats a nice piss boat you got there! Thanks Mario!
you see mario and goku riding in the piss boat!
its JCBot tWO aCktuALLi!
§orobotic voice§r Heeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyy nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
your ugly! hey, thats not very nice!
mama-fuckyou!
i got your money!
o h  n o  m y  w e a l t h!
§orobotic jc struggling noises§r
§orobotic vulgarites§r
hes like OHMYGAWD then he does a backflip and dies!
damnit i gotta add a crafting recipe for hariesh
you ate a bus? YOU ATE ORION!?
oh no! noppes has script engines avalible!
It adds over 90 new blocks and items! I counted!
I Gotta power up my GENSETS! OH YEAH!
you know what really grinds my gears? becoming a manual transmission!
I took a shit and progress was made!
i wanna P! go take a piss then! but thats expensive!
this is not a professional dick
bEHolD! mY nOSE!
eeeeeuuuuugggghhhhhhhhhh it looks like a clown exploded in here!
Interior crocodile alligator, I have a Santa Fe A frame container!
what do you mean i cant shower my balls in mcdonalds ice cream machine!?
moaning is just a seductive way of complaining
the american association of bean-touching
G for Guilford Transportation!
B for Fast!
no hablas diet dr pepper
I'm the Lorax, I speak for the railroads. And the railroads say go 90 miles per hour
ill do a passenger train of freight
I may not be perfect but my nails are
the Tri-Force of shading issues
yum, dimes!
Ghosts don't go to Kmart. They shop at Macy's!
i use fucking shut the fuck up!
im square! im racist! no wait!
yeah bro i shit my pants when i mix colors together
Aloha Snackbar!
i can selectively hear and selectively give a shit
I read Forbes Magazine Mr. Squidward. I know what I am talking about.
Cheese Nutz
I GAVE MYSELF INFINITE COCONUT MILK
But Mr. Krabs! Im just... Squidward.
mmm. water. oooh, legs, not happy!
man i know you love (ctf_)Turbine but calling it good? thats a little much
smear it around like small child fingerprints on a glass wall window
ATV 2!? OH MY GOD WHERES ATV 1!?
hey look holy shit im dead
hey im gonna hit a girl! wow sounds fun lemme try!
chair needs to go bye bye for a second
HAVE YOU SEEN AMPHIBIAN COCK
why did you jerk off a frog in science class?
wOw, incrEDIble! im gonna shIT my pANTs!
alright jc i busted an arboreal nut all over your hill
femboy thighhigh penis building!
traincraft is not a mod
summon a TORPEDO OUT OF MY ASS and launch it into the enemy!
THE SQUIDS CAN TURN INTO FURRIES?!?!
bananas are grown . . . on a . . . vine.
your bullshit! actually no im bullshit!
he'll spend all the server money on video games! or mental hospital pornography.
Roses are Red; Harambe was Shot; I'm Rick Harrison and this is my Pawnshop!
take a bite out of this ass, realize how it tastes like trash! bleugh
GUYS! BIGJ TIDDIES!? NO FUCKIN WAY!
oh man i only have 2 more hours of 9/11 left what am i gonna do? thats tragic..
hehehehe thoes look like testicles hehehehe scrotum cargo
me when i get high on transit bus
does rez have a repository of Asian people on his phone?
iTs SpeCtRum! ItS oKaY!1!!!111!
i hate you guys
SQUIDWARD FOR THE 3DS
why do i have 57 copies of mario power tennis
the peenis poonis memorial mental hospitable obviously!
cubed can i commission you to build my grave
curse you wario! curse you and your lack of ram!
bro i would play terence sits on my face simulator
Worst. Use of Taxpayer Dollars. Ever.
thinking about asexually reproducing? have you considered canada?
Canadians go through mitosis
Hurricane Omar was blown up by JCRail
dont you dare kill hurricane omar!
WHY IS THE SHEEP CALLED PTC EQUIPPED!?
PTC Equipped was slain by JCRail
i didnt realise which penis you were looking at
I'm gonna ping a certain person @Gamer Rez - NYC | B&A
the only anime playermodel i approve of is Yandre Dev
hehe i have jesus inside of me!
i hate when hurricane arbys doesnt have the meats and throws a huge fit and destroyes Houston
thier like flinstone tires, yabba dabba OH FUCK
Yes I don't!
jc sent me a shit this is glorious
§ostruggle noises§r fortnite!
get in line, were all depressed
haram hussein
that should be under gifts! gift to me!
BNSF THIGH HIGHS!?
of course i live in sweeden! gluten tag!
SO WHERE THE BATHROOM!?
big stripe just doesnt sound good
every wall has a locomotive
he FUF'ed my piiip now im gonna sOOs your mOM!
a based man living in a cringe world! thats what you are.
the probability of being crushed by an amshack is low, but never zero...
thats such a negative thought there jc, we need to fill your balls with positivity!
i wish stone was spelled with an e
can you give me seafloor advice?
i'd hug it out for some baked beans!
You don't want Bida's shapeboxes to destroy my beautiful face don't you?
[JCRail: Given [Deluxe Cheeseburger] * inifnity to JCRail]
Penn Central joined the game.
my inventory is full of joe biden!
quickly give me more political terms! uh uh, iraq!
thats austin powers not larry the lobster!
thats not mermaid man thats colonial sanders!
The Dog Bowl has Color Noise!
texas
I hate having my face eaten off by the Penis Snake!
JCRAIL ALREADY EXISTS!?!??!
go eat a cock!
Ugg my weakness, respect!
oh my god this child has a lot of health!
stop murdering the mexican immigrants!
thats not sadipshit my asshole thats bin ladin!
penn central gay pride!
i instantly knew who you were talking about when you said he masturbated in public and lived in a barrel!
i will rub you with costco pizza and you will like it!
cant have brain damage if you dont have a brain!
jcir when T
i tint my car like i tint my women
binky, jc, and the honse
rip jc, he turned off shaders in spawn
JC stop having sex with the bogies
who can drink my body fluids the most?
look mommy! i §ofucked.§r
bring forth the holy railroad grenade!
interior crocodile alligator, i got shot in a movie-theator!
one of the foxes is getting vored by the diarrhea oval
i didnt know danny devito is a communist
Stick to the streetcars, stay safe.
whaaaaat? i fixed it???? what did i do to fix it????
i dont need moms official weight in tons
the cock and ball masterbaiter-inator!
i like how were contemplating the pause and delay for jesus cum
me, the couch, at home, lets do it!
oh my god the cock and ball masturbator is pouring the cum out!
fuck me! oh wait
im based. yeah no shit!
that is a lot of porn, i opened the wrong folder
actually im just gonna delete harieshs ass
damnit with a capital fuck!
hang on, i gotta unzip my pants!
Slip your Tounge into Mud Valley!
dont fuck with the spider!
thanos penis! it was only a matter of time.
i found a lake that looks like stubby saddam hussein
elon musk is now doing martian research on your nuts
Whoa! I bought a lotta Watermelon!
woah its the obamacare hospital! i like it!
Ima testbuild a Whataburger!
how do we convert Orions a Bus to binary?
XP Juice Registration
ok so Thanos now has the oreDictionary tag of oreVietnam
half this pantry is missing
your not even furry your like a diet, bootleg, shoe on a grill
no why must you whip it noooo!
Everyone says Super Chief this and Super Chief that, the Super Chief my ass!
i got your 4 basic model types! SMP, SMP, SMP, and SMP.
who did you bang and why did you do it
He died in Saint Penisburg.
Who needs dildos when you have phone handsets?
What happens when it starts ringing up there?
And God said. BOOM! Let their be light on Aisle 33!
whats the carfax for the batmobile?
i have the mustard video on speed-dial!
im in the diinnninggg haaalllllll
moisturized? more like pasteurized
IM GONNA INVITE THE ENTIRE POPULATION OF MEXICO POSSIBLY CHINA
ow! you shot the body of christ!
When the Imposter is Lobster
youve committed the most grievous sin of mr krabs blowjob
do not mine inside the wafflehouse
someone fiddle diddled the minecarts!
meowmix meowmix product placement
im the doctor of rotating costco by 90 degrees on the Z axis!
Cubed64 was rolled over by a train!
i dont bite, i stab!
who else would go into hitlers anus? your mum!
jesus in my peenus!
i think the helicopter went awa-NOOO IT DIDNT
I just killed Shaquille Oatmeal. LETS GO!
apparently your penis was worth 20$
unexpected dick-butt syndrome!
cum. AAAAAAHHHHHhhhh!!!
a
SPEEDRUN SPEEDRUN SPEEDRUN
i need to make a new BP4
this isnt eurobeat this is latin america beat!?
Congrats on your engagement, Syrup and Cactus!
. . . and they said I couldn't marry Cactus Wife!
Tonnage Rules!
do not have sex with the TOOBES
you pissed off the leaky volcano!
it has a nipple. look what youve done.
direction is based
reeeehhhcessss icecreeeamm~!
be a good sport and §odies§r fucK!
your just mad because someone deviously licked your balls
Hey Bida, when you have a chance can you send me my blank cock?
woah woah woah, girlbossing a little close to the sun arent we?
you missed! §onuke goes off§r oW
THAT SOUNDS LIKE A METAPHOR FOR SECKS!!!!!1111!!1!!1
hah cubed is attacking cubed! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
CUBED SPLIT INTO TWO!?
i have something called a skill issue and a low clearance face
we need to make an actual fart channel!
i did hear anything except tape my mom to the ceiling and getting taken away by the police!?
he likes to stick his wee wee into the thomas
woooaahhh thats a big cock!
thats not mi casa! thats rez's casa?
well thats going in quotes
im gonna bury tom hanks in your liver again!
im gonna make a nice §ocracks nuckles§r meat patty
NO! GO BACK! I DON'T WANNA BE CLEAR ANYMORE!
§ometiculous chortling from the voice chat§r
im HARD! IM UNHARD! EEE EEE EEE EEE! NO! MORE! FUcK! §odies.§r i hate myself!
I REALIZED EVERYONE DIED!
HOW DO I ENABLE BEVER REPRODUCTION!?
aAAaa Horny! aAAAA SDM!?
how do i join you guyses garrys mods worlds!?
i made it with rotations like all good boys!
Time to dumb.
rattlecan just shit all over the New York Central
im gonna yell0ow! what? im PISTINGGGg!
Dungeons and Dragons? More like Dummies and Dipshits!
FUCK GONDALS ALL MY HOMIES HATE GONDALS
singular person Eblast!
WHYD YOU SEND ME CLIP ART OF A CLAM!?
im from texas im gonna say the n word §oproceeds to derail§r
surprise your now baroness go commit touch metra thing
its quanza? no.
i wana eat Salena Gomez
i dont need any of this bullshit! OH GOD YES I DID
fuck it! make poo!
right, lets see if eating poo gives you nausea!
§ojoins call§r your supreme leader has arrived! you're fired.
wow holy shit, people in india are powerful!
Most gay people are stupid, you know like Tumber!
skill issue
I haven't huffed glue in months!
shes not wearing any clothes underneath her clothes like bruhhh
its pokemon, but with guns and child labor!
bida ive got covid §ofalls off a building and dies§r
THEY DDOSED AN ENTIRE COUNTRY SO THEY COULDNT COMPETE IN MINECRAFT SQUID GAMES!?!?!?!??!?!
ah, domestic abuse!
SAUCE!
WHERED MY COCK GO? WHERES MY COCK!?
stop egging me!
whats the movie that has the yellow brick road!?
THIS TUGBOAT HAS INFLATEABLE TESTICLES!
born to linux forced to windows
whats alladin for snow?
I WANT THE TACO BELL INCINDIARY SYSTEM
my children are not suicide bombers!?
oh my goodness! tactical HOE!
oh noooo the rat that sniffed landmines in cambodia died!
fifty metree bulge~
Ah yes, nothing is funnier than tax fraud
horses have mandables!
awww why did peter griffen not embed!
im trying to get gamer balls but im stuck on trans balls
:3
Administrative soup?!
UwU
im so glad i waited to drink my milk
fuck me hard jello aaaahhnn~
lets go @ Chinese
we're fighting over who gets to eat the blood!
coffee? thats a food?
why are you doing my job? everyones supposed to hate §ome§r not you!
cry about it. i will! §ocrying noises§r
what the fuck §ojar of pencils falls over§r
DID YOU JUST PLAY THE BALLS THEME
AW dude i missed the bulge hold on!
greivous got ammo racked
cheese cheese chesse, chesse cures all. swiss doesnt!
gosh dangit i hate society
theres like seams of child labor
you have my express permission to die
aah foreskins too lound foreskins too loud! §ovibe boom sound effect x3§r
Clint eastwood is my fursona~
hehaw, nipples! §ochat all chuckles quietly§r
bernie sanders best waifu
mike pence conversion therapy!
Trust me, I'm gay.  I'm the expert.
If you're cold, they're cold. Put them in your ASS!
i also have something else you might enjoy §oextreme extended fart reverb§r
you just uh                                               ;)
um ackschually its a romboid
yes! football! homerun!
§ocries in japanese§r
OH MY GOD! WATER!
quirky and original chinease bing bong ladee
im not a tank im playground equpiment!
stupid fuckin trash cans! no, i wasnt referencing my teammates!
UwU §ostrategic launch detected§r
shawties like §ovomits intestines§r
my username may be "im straight" but i assure you im not
im almost there! i found ducks!
here have another meme! GAWD NO WHYYY
i read every single hunt and snare review, is that an achievement, or a curse?
I was doing my geometry teacher!
helicopter helicopoOOOHH §oexplosion§r
yes, murder the kids, good!
we need an R & D room, so that i can figure out if SDM fits into a bucket!
the thing! that moves! with the feet! yaaas!
my farts rent an air bnb
you have the tactile efficiency of a pear
i must fax my shit to the nearest whorehouse
i can smell your influence
a couple of crayons short of a delicious snack!
betty ballsacks every flavor boners!?
Hey guys it isn't incest if you say no chromo at the end
im not a dingus im an advanced level dumbass
get outta here squid im making concrete!
i don't speak fortune cookie wong tong ding dong!
you just got shot by gucci pants skeleton, and i hope your proud
im not §ostealing§r your melons im §ohumping§r them big difference!
wheat thins? more like rice oblongs!
wingus has a horde of gays coming out of him
Belt rebellion? thats every single middle aged dad!
do you think it will ever be the year 2001? nah
you cannont run, you cannot hide, lightning goes in CAVES!
What is this giant pink structure? Y O U R   M O M
I G O T   A L O T   O F   C R A B S   I N   M Y   B O X   C A R   R I G H T   N O W
actually, its L O B S T E R!
L E E   T H E   B U I L D E R   R E G I S T E R E D   A S   M Y   B A L L S   A R E   I T C H Y
Bold of you to assume i took a shit!
nOOOOOOO no i threw eggonetta whyyyyy
Thats insane! IM INSANE! i speant an entire day in a room with bagels!
alright, im gonna partake in drugs, lets see what this does!
NO WAY the dishwasher actually does something!?
OH MY GOSH! can i rename my brewing stand to my GRUING STAND!?
i am a dwerf and were impregnating your mother!
im disguised as crippling depression
when her ass is a solid 10 but so is her age
the cum stain has risen into a mountain!
Bida> Pretty Weebish not gonna lie. TDV122002 was blown up by R3F4
i wana be a pretty princess with a pulse rifle!
I CANT READ THIS? WHAT IS THIS GREEK ROMAN PASTA SAUCE?!
a little midget got tourtured by a rainbow thing
Dude Satan and Wario could rub elbows!
Inside the caves it was very cave like
the first natural gas powered planet is the JCIr power coal plant thats now the oIL PLant
Hold your face parts, i got a whole bunch of shit to deploy!
Whoops this random limb fell into my soup!
hAh i ate you ozone layer! scrub!
its not rosetta stone, its regrettastone!
the cell stormed on over to the outpost like a badger in a bus full of pickles, and shrek'ed everything all up
It's because people are soggy and gross!
i found out what my knob does! i was so bored and so i found it out!
Dead people should be put to death!
I'm not a Boomer I'm George Washington fuck you
you made an expensive way to move dirt 5 blocks. EPIC!
purple means expensive!
nOOOooo he added MORE to the shopping list of eternal demiseeeee!
how do i not make it pp bright? pp dark
guys i have a huge ass kinder suprise egg and im gonna shove it up my ass
i am Sans from Darude Sandstorm
Thanos Grape brings all the E-Girls with him
YOU COME OUT OF YOUR LITLE SPACE HOLES AND SHOW YOURSELF! I WILL GRIND YOU!
damnit that fish is staring at me!
Bida,  ʸᵒᵘ ᵇᶦᵍ ᵍᵃʸ
Don’t put any metal through the metal detector, probably cause it’s a metal.. detector.
AWW YEAH! CUM IN MY ASS GNOME DADDY!
Hehe am fur magnet owo
Oh come on mom, I've watched enough Food Network to know what a turnip is!
bida why are you lying there so seductivly? IM DEAD!
Here let's have fun forging a fake W2!
i sexually identify as a speed module
grapefruits taste like oranges with DLC content
Thank you thank you, Fuck you
super conductO, yes its great!
i like the thought of a train passing by and it honks its horn and all the nearby sedans flee
i want technic creator castrated
It's a song, but not a good song. Then why are you singing it? Because fuck you that's why!
If I'm gonna bully someone, I'm gonna bully everyone. We're an all inclusive club here!
I don't know who made that pepperoni, but I tell ya they are on my hitlist
Everytime I burp it's another shock wave of death
Who puts a goddamn halepeno in their bagel WHAT THE FUCK
I'm not racist I'm just Socially Inclined!
Horses don't break down, they die!
i found a good mey mey and im gonna put it in bagle!
I didn't do heroin because i knew about it, i did heroin because i didn't know about it!
hes been brewing a big one in his ass for 2 weeks
i will stay, because im a living airpod and im invincible
Whatcha gonna do? I'm gonna shit in your couch that's what!
Cuntuluntus!
antifreeze cooled pizza!
ohgod dont go to penis dot com! penis.com is for sale! for 2.5 MILLION DOLLARS?!
tow mater does not have back bulges therefore i think hes a D7
op, sounds like the fire alarm. aEAEEeaEasdreaEDdeaDEaaceaAD
TOSTADA MOY GRANDE!
why the fuck you takin all teh goldfish fuckerrr!
MONKEEEEYYYYYYY! oh i got him MINNEEIIIFFFEEELLLLDDDDDD!!!1
the control pannel on the F unit has robot herpies look at it!
so TLDR penius music song made me find music i didnt know i liked like plump fox nuts!
Hah jokes on you dad sometimes I help my neighbor!
Mmmm deer, Bambi is delicious!
Speak up about bullying, but not too much
Why do ghosts need ropes? They could just uUuUUuUuuuU on over!
Yo thanks for the back snacks
I GUESS ITS UP TO ME NOW §ogets stuck in a junkrat trap and dies instantly§r
oh my god, they added achievements to Genital Jousting?
I look over and your face deep in the yoplait over there and I'm like holy shit!
Holy shit you downed that stuff man I didn't even see you take a spoonful!
Are you drinking quazee Moto Moto? Yeah why does he taste so good?
I give mice feet massages for a living
OH MY GOD YOU BROKE ME WEED
If my uncle was wario if let him fuck me all day!
Goddamn, I am the splash zone
A nat 20 mayo!
i still hear you fucking reignhardt when you fireballed my penis! CATCHPHRASE!
arabian tosstiitooooO! like american cHIPPP!
i put powered rail like a CHAD
YOU were at the can orgy!?
Today is just one of those days when your covered in drywall and you can't feel your thumbs.
I'll trade a baby for some ketamine! It's a fair deal in my eyes!
Where'd you get a baby from? Dude I have no idea!
You gotta admit that was funny! NO!
Ooh Ahh Ooh Uji Uji!
mUuUuuUCC!
Why is the mUc mAn going for my Appendix Energy!?
wOw! This beAN grew a peRsON!
according to the census department, im a smaller minority than poor people
oh my god there so many nuts in this water!
I don't know how much homoeroticism you can put into the creation of a grilled cheese, but i think this is getting close to the limit
When you just casually feed boisenberry pie to the god of death this post made by the granny gang
you should draw the dirty bubbles fursona!
hAHeA yes we shall survive the nuclear hollocaust with nothing but bacon bits!
... your brewing a brown one in your ass...
how long does it take to delete 11 gigabytes of karaoke!
flipside reccords! The floor is missing!
anyone want to eat a planters™️ testicle?
if you ask me helicopters are like sky wheelchairs, only the disabled use em
if you compliment my texas sized ass i will personally succeed from the union
Eyeball cloak room! theyre so happy!
bloody hell, the tube sock molested me
penis university, extending your education!
it looks like he's off to molest the salsa
big, l o n g, and CAPITALIZED!
the crusty old man dimension kinda sucks not gonna lie
Your the one daydreaming about me peeing on the carpet!
what the heck the ghosts of gumdrops past just like eradicated me!
Halowo Master Sheath Collection
im not surprised bruh moment 69 is already taken
wait the covid19 server is a roleplay server? no!no! NO!
would you suck off mr. peanut? HES DEAD! that would be necrophilia
hey google, walgreens canabalism
you have airbags in your ASS? gotta make it flat and sad
no i dont want a milky anvil fuck off! maybe you should stop fucking with my milk anvil! §ogunshots§r
anakinTHERES A SENTREEEEEEE
you illegally tresspassed on your own property
peach is gonna go add that to his Wank Bank!
oh my god there are 8 boner wheels going in all directions!
what does sus mean? solid unbleached sulfate. you serious? yep.
fUcc you nature i need a bridge!
uGH im sleeping! uGH im getting gangbanged! uGH im dead!
gOSh dANgIt bOBBeH i knEw wE shOUlD doNE cARRyoNN!
dont worry! we are signed IN! to Wikipedia!
MM yEAH bUSt oUT tHE fiNGERS!
i want ooblar toast dubstep!
I know karate and I will send your testicals to Mars if you do that again
We're building a genocide factory here and I love it!
§oin the distance§r make the dominant cat submissive!
damn tornado stole my legs- cant have shit in detroit
i dont get it, whatever gets Thanos to work isnt in Thanos.Java!
evil sinful fucking twat of a shitstain on the chick fil a rug behind the playcenter! gah!
gAAAH! the mystery meat is grooving!
he gots the lOOps he eat da Cereal!
mY liPS ArE oN ThE cEilInG! nOw I CaN mAkE oUt WiTh The TilES!
if Wario can be a drug, then he can be a butt plug too
we have bootleg china. we have non bootleg china. we have bringing out the nice china.
NOBOTECH IS THAT THE TOOTHPASTE ONE!?
i'm gonna kick you in the ro nuts!
you fool, squish is just crunch in chineese!
what pronouns does your diet coke tank car use?!
no todd howard! i dont want you to give me giant rat balls!
BITE THE FUCKING BUBBLE!?!?
gay master cheif be like: sir, im finishing this cOCk hAH
oh no help im becoming a 4th world country!
OH GOD THERES WARRIOR CATS FANFICTION IN HERE TOO!?!?!?
you fool! groom him you comb!
hey, im the stereotypical alien from the 70s! im here to probe your dick!
why is the Roblox chat filter like the most advanced AI society has ever created?
he took me by surprise even though i could see him the whole time!
oh, §ooh,§r the sex has evolved!
Out of all the cows to be left it had to be lesbian!
Permian basin super penis
oh my god! we discovered canada!
interurban? i barely know ur!
i hope thats not cum
oh no japan got bigger. OH NO JAPAN GOT REALLLY BIG
oOOOh the rock got bigger! oOOhg aniother rocc!
Where's the corn? Where's the grain? Where's the tornadoes?!
SDM is irrelevant because he is dead
lets hop in the Aztec and start fucking in the back!
did you like even see the smurfs movie brOoO!?
People from Ohio don't sound British? They sound Retarted!
It can barely go speed
fuck you i am the mommy milker
arie, i have significantly more titties than you do!
i HOPE you have more than 1 shirt!?
im not blowing my egg sandwich
hariehs' head is not a valid light source
the thrid world country of indo- peeno- wacklioo
i want T Series Sausageeeee
adolf "hit the quan" hitler
what does war in ukraine have to do with bigj's cum!?
im gOOfi an Im gAy! huA huA thAts nOt AllowEd! aW gEE micKy whY aRe you so Anti LGbarBeQueE?
If I could choose my kids. It certainly wouldn't be a KitchenAid.
eeewwww hariesh juiceee
he is very old he has a big nose!
your british!?!? wait a minute, so am i!
i dont think its very polite to suck people off in public
MPOTHERFUCKING TIDDY FOX
hariesh are you a radical islamic terrorist? no im a communist!
peppa pig fornite lets gooooooo
Why is there so much WEED CAT?!
nOOOO MY BEEEES!!
aight cool spawns full of bees, dont go to spawn
why did you fill spawn with BEEEEEESS!?!?
is gay allowed in the nyc crossroads station?
here comes shawty-clause!
Wheeze. I GOT WHEEZER NO!
i dont need mr krabs sensual moans
in case you youn-uns didnt know, peach wears socks!
oh my god squidwards right next to a hoe! what hte fuck squidward i thought you had a wife!
oh my god, its a racially balanced community of sheep!
do yOU hAve aNEEE iDEAaa hoWE mANi pEEoplEEE
yeah cus your not cool, even the weed knows your not cool!
dANVILLE!?!? phINEas and fERB reAL!?!? hur hur hurhur hur §omore fnaf noises§r
i just got cocked blocked by antiques navigator
thats on PINTREST!?!? DAAAMMNIT
hey i'll be right back, practice your comedy routine while i'm gone.
seinfeld theme seinfeld theme seinfeld theme seinfeld theme
Lemme put out a Sentry Buster... OH WAIT A SECOND!
shit it out or get it out!
i dont feel so good aaaaaaaaahhhhh §ocarl shits himself at dennys at 3 am§r
i blame cubert doobert, you made me say chilli cheese dog!
theres gold in they/them hills!
they sky is gaining more color than the average edgy 14 year old's deviantart!
I JUST NEED TO. . . NOT . . . FUCK!
heavy cum is broken! awww!
what a wonderful day to check the model description! what the fuck
what the fuck
im a slut
breaking news: scooby doo snorts all the antifreeze and fucking dies
it goes through Gypsum! that gives me an excuse to eat all the drywall!
We're here in familiar settings here in the Traincraft Discord. But guess who's fucking coming it's the motherfucking 1.12 motherfuckers!
mister squidward! §lwhat the fuck.§r
i don't want to be sitting down with the boys to watch the game. only to see your big massive cock being broadcasted instead!
you are GORL you do CHILD DELIVERY
ugh, if only there was someone who would buy this perfectly in the way boulder from me!
A red-light district or pleasure district is a part of an urban area where a concentration of prostitution and sex-oriented businesses, such as blah blah blaahh ok so New Orleans got it
oh my god a HOE §ogunshots§r
do not make your cock cannon to the minecraft unvierse! §ooh wait it already is§r
thats like quirk overload!
thats what i did for literally all my balls
it feels good to give uncertified advice
remember mr krabs, if you dont shop at sam's club your a fucking looser
mr. squidward. i should litterally kick your fucking ass!
we'll leave it at spongebobs a redditor
your really into the squidward rp arent you
holy balls its SDM
there once was a town that worked so hard, there was just not time for PINGAS
i hope its alright that my bitch and my nuts are just hanging out
Shit I need to                                    What?
mr krabs you vented in electrical!?!?!?!? nyeyehehehehehe
i dont know what i played but its got amongus language!
I am deporting the Latinos to Mars!
WIIIIIIIIIIIIIDEEEE PITTTAHHHHHHH daw my message is too long
hariesh is black!?!??!
im too cute to be cancelled
modern solutions require modern problems!
OHMAGAWD FLESHY PENIS
That wouldn't be hip and cool. Owning an Atari would be hip and cool
help! HELP! I HAD TO LOOK AT LORD FARQUAADS PENIS!
There is always an E. And I don't know why
oh wait its beer
oh wow authentic prr noise!
solid liquid gas, donner pass comes out my ass!
cumming in amfleets is NOT worthy of spider man pizza!
pizza isd not a pastry
your foaming the penn central arent you squidward
thats not a sandwich, thats your middle finger!
ah yes, the SEX UPDATE for Unrailed!
the zombie is gonna kill a buddy of mine!
why is the thanos pubic hair hurting all the foxes
im genociding the double tall fern population
ORION IS A BOMB?!
one a new jerseyan, always a new jerseysan
Cream is not a Color of Lightbulb
no mutt, thats 1984!
LOOK! HE IS BURNING UP INTO GLUE!
Cave Johnson's fursona is a Lemon Shark
Making a Dan Cortopassi video takes a lot of out you
Simple Name, Simple Life. Simple Death
gnoo! my gnomes!
you got cock blocked by a bacon pig!
immagrato departo! §onuclear explosion§r
giant pyramidal tower of dip n dots!?!?
oh, im racist, give me a minute
im busy tool building rayroaD
hes chewing a zen crystal you dense piece of didnt play half life!
your gonna take a taste of texas all the way to NEW JERSY!?!?
oh no bidas gonna shoot the child
i have a vendetta against like, antiques navigator!
i think godzilla's got a skill issue!
FREE SDM YOUNGBOY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
salt is not a liquid!
there is literally orange juice, GIVE ME ORANGE JUICE!
your gravity is bullshit
oooooAAAAAAAAWWWW NOOOAAAAWWWW YOU SPILLED ALL THE BEEEAAANNNSSSS
FOX COMMERCE!
HARAMBE TREE!?!?!?1// AWOOGaW! ReddITORr!
france dihareea speedrun any%
stop edging the world border
/tp jay lennno
sAAAAAns! i just snORTed an enTire gAy bAR full of cOCCK! and im stArting to fEEL thE eFFECTS!
im not saying that again. but I am putting it in the quotes channel
mOOOD!? DID YOU JUST SAY MOOOD!?!? IS THAT A MOOD TO FIND A BUNCH OF AMONG US BONERS IN THE TENOR FAVORITES!?!?!?
the Q in BQ23 stands for QUIRKY
i have the peter griffen color pallet on my hotbar
Also try RWC!
GODDAMNIT! IMMEGRANTS ARE SPAWNING ON MY FACE!
THEY TOOK MY FUCKING KIDS! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! MY KIDSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IM NOT BUTTSECKSING ANYONEE!!!11!!1!1
It's like JCIR never left!
I got Krovid-19
yeeeaaahhhh, i got the sticky card!
i put the name of the game in your hand!
fUCK!
yeeeaaahhh luigi jiggle physics!
do i wana go indiana jones or like gay porn?
but wait rez, you dont have a sex life!
The Y in wire mod stands for wifi
MY HUSBAND IS A 3D MODEL
Thomas was in al qeada?
(patrick voice) spOngebOb shUt the fUck Up!
my lightbulbs stay on because fuck you
you piece of fuck!
Luxury Tax!? I am the Luxury!
DO IT AGAIN I HAD THE STREAM MUTED!
man i LOVE boner wheels on railwaycraft!
my frames went pooey cus mutt did a screwy and then mutt went bababooey
aAAAAEeeeE! i found a nother one! and its cheaper! oh, ohhhh the squidwardmemeeeessss
WHAT THE FUCK IS THE MATRESS FOR!?!?!?
then mog industries would show up in the 1700s! mog industries escaping religious prosecution!
i almost rammed your butt so frickin hard!
im gonna gMOD! whAt? im LUA ERRORINg! §oshits§r
offender bender defender!
DID SOMEONE SAY WORKPLACE RELATED INJURY!?!?!?
broooo~ tile dot sink dot name i swear!
if you just place one down and leave it for a while it will eventually grow some balls and some friends
i mean yeah i dont like people, but i still think slavery is a little too much. .
oh dont tell me hes in a recessitated coma
give me some extra pineapples! yeeeeAAA-
i like how you put a giant buddhis temple in the middle of a trailer park!
of course i implied something! i called you  a W H O R E!
im sincerely pissing my pants!
WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING WITH OUR ROUNDABOUT!?
hOOOh, heAVy hAhs tAken hUMOnGOUS sHiT!
hello calculator my old friend, ive come to math with you again
oh god no he generates
hes so fucking fat holy shit!
p for yellow
It just frozed and closed
that gets the vitamin water granny cum!
help??? my airport is a nazi?//?/??
i want my sOUL clEANSed at the mAgiCAl peNNsilvAlia cAr wAShh chAppeLLLLL!
how am i running out of money in infinite money!?!?
i just drink straight lemon juice, that is how much of a hater i am
content warning for UNIONIZED KOBOLDS!?
i dont know how big your ass is, but if its big enough to hold all of chicago then it will work
aAAaAAaa the class pEENIS wEEENis i wana liCC it so bAaaAAAd
i will politely bite your fucking penis off
nothin says pinging mutt with the word testicle like pinging mutt with the word testicle
-updated the localization files
AMOGNU-oh god damnit
yeeaaahhh mutts in the kitchen! make me a sandwich mutt yeeaahhh!!!
STOP TURNING THE CHAT INTO THE CUM ZONE
bigj just likes kidnapping women confirmed?
hot single coaches in your area~!
theres NOT a traincraft hut! . . . theres a traincraft hut.
im among us jesus and i think jewish people are sus
oh crap i gave myself a stack of clocks!
apartment complex? I find it quite simple
Casual BP4 sex
rez im gonna have cardiac arrest!
aww i love skinnable children!
dont ever call my railroad weeiner ever again
thats a baldwin DR-Touch-My-Tiddies
oh no theres another iron golem on the tracks §omassive wheezing§r its megafagggeeettt §odies§r
all that for bachmann tram logic
time to make a COCK wall
what tool is that mutt? lawnmower? worldedit.
the swastika! its efficient! of course its efficient, its a geometrical shape!
spaaannngeee baaaaawwwbbbb! you cost us the war!
spongebob in the Nurnberg tirals!
the eastern front fell apart because of your ICEEE CREAMMM SHELLLLSSSS
huh? BRITISH!? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
why is there a block on my he- oh yea. there is a macarator on my head!
oooh, hes black!
BIGJ WHY ARE THERE SO MANY SPIDERS IN THE ATTIC?!?!
Saul the Inflatable Lawyer
im the family guy! §onuts insied of you§r
crash report saEVd tOOo- did you just hiccup really loudly? yEAs!
§ochat is silent§r here comes the toast!
Hey, JC stop being Mean to JC
ah, iron! aka fools blood!
my name is m&m i like to rAp §ootherworldly scream§r
penis m&m
Jesus Christ Rail and Messiahcrew
You know how people are when they cum...
wheres the chocolate bar? i need you for guidance, of course
That is my Soot. Because I am a Robot. Beep Boop Fuck You!
Hola GrandeJ!
Oh Yea. He's Beatboxing!
damnit, im watching spongebob 20 years in the future and now the robots §ocan§r love!
oh my god, im a pirate! and im singing emotionally, because im a pirate!
yar har har and a bottle of estrogen?
ender as in? non disclosure agreement
ive told you this THREE TIMES! HES GOT SCRIPT ENGINES AVALIBLE!
dont slap me in the face with a hamburger!
thats musterred you moronnn!
bigj do not mate with me
i cant drive sorry im a woman!
oh my GOODNESS why is there so many types of BIMBO BREAD
Ruffles have ridges for her pleasure... wait a minute
Weapon of ASS destruction!
I want EMD to FUCK ME WITH AN AIR HOSE
CEO makes a thousand, you make a buck. go steal the catalytic converter off the company truck!
the N in Norfolk Southern stands for Nautical
yaaas hate the french yaaaaaaaas!
who wants to wear sheet metal underwear?
SECKS STATE?!?!? JJEEEYYYEEAAAAHHHHHSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
Why do you make it so hard GEeeeEEEEeeeeeeE
please dont be influenced by color. . . YOUR INFLUENCED BY COLOR! I HATE YOU!
yes the upholstry in the seat is made of princess peach's dress
I could load a unit train of scrap iron with the irony in that statement.
if the gp60 was a sports car, this is the b32-8
ROTC probably some anime thing or like that's any better
Overwatch 2 is basically the EA version over overwatch 1. Micro Transactions everywhere.
ohhh way down south in penn central dark territory~
If it's cursed enough for Class 1's, it's good enough for me.
if i had a nickel for everytime i made a roller coaster inside a piece of cheese id have like 7 nickles!
flower terrorism is always allowed
im always horny!
That looks like a Burger crossbred with a cake
dangit this is just glass carpet
the CF7 is the most transgender locomotive, which is weird to say out loud
kinky and industrial arent exactly words that go together, messi
that is not a torch that is a block of cobblestone!
MOOOOORBIOUS
whaT THE FUCK MUTT WERE NOT CREATING TIANNAMEN SQUARE IN THE COURT ROOM!
No purple anomaly is allowed in the judge's chair
whats that? ENGLANDS!?!??!?!?!
no WAY me and riggs are ASSCHEEKS BUDDIES!
im not being muscular im being black! §oMMMmMMmHmMm DORETTA§r
Why do you have a penis? OH WHAT THE F-
gross disco juices? i dont want to think about that, especially in the context of Amtrak
Not sure where this 4th mine is §oblows up§r
Why did you cum on the amungus mutt, you know that is bad for your health
Iowa Interstate ES44ACs have a flat ass
wheres earth?
WHAT THE FUCK WHEEZER CHIA PETT??
Oh wait it dropped a spine, oh wait that came from the other thing...
manuadd essentials.my_balls_are_itchy
You're not a G2! You're an imposter! Ew inkjoy pen!
did you just call Arbys a mexican restaurant??
Oooooh! Peanut Butter. §oGets crushed to death by a Giant Jar of Peanut Butter§r AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
get back here you little nut sucker!!
§orobotic rumbles§r  S H I E T
Cool! Quirky! Hot Trash!  That sounds like it describes me!
I SNORTED A CSX GEVO! -bidatoadchi
well zoidberg isnt the kind of person to holoclip their own details if you think about it
the entire gp50 is 99 point 9 percent gp50
they both have the letter 5 in it
aAH IM INSIDE SDM
tim allen is not as important as my employment!
Ooo cooper wire §ovoring noises§r
Boat
I work at the posting balls facility
What do you mean?! Tier has the letter 4 in it!
doofinshmirtz with jiggle physics is weird
dont worry, crabs can regenerate
my hand is nowhere nowhere near L
jc out here gendering the sea urchins
AFK stands for at the fucking keyboard!
yeah thats ben garrison political australia vore art in #general
Sometimes you need some sensual feet pics from a grown ass man
I need to go to college sooner so I can get a degree in how the hell
hello campers! hi, its me! surface to air missile!
aAAAH! WHY DID I LOOK? I DID NOT NEED TO SEE 10 POUNDS OF BIGJS CRACK!
WHY ARE YOU TWERKING? WHY DO YOU HVAE A USHANKA?
how did we go from talking about my balls to mario jumpscare?
oh the last thing i sent gerrit was furries kissing and jewish sleeper agent
aw hell yeah i wana lick nixon!
you have no idea how fast i cum
yesss cuddle his dad yEESSSS
dont send me to florida! and dont crush my balls!
your amognus penis has failed mutt
your gonna pinpoint my location based on the trigonometry of the BURGER KINGS?!?
show me, show me, SHOW ME THE BURGER KING
westminster burger king. . . where am i? why am i in south carolina!?
hey guys my cheese be lookin pretty funky. . . NOO ITS TOO POWERFUL!
did i go to the farmers market? did i get a nice vegitable?
i hate when the taco bell incendiary system has Parkinson's
what if you just spell icup without anyone asking?
you're OSHA certified?! I'm OSHA terrified!
wheres the head mutt- wheres the giraphe? im dead!
yeah its like the equivalent of having sex in a church, which priests have experienced a lot!
the fda what? your gonna federally regulate my foreskin?
i wish i had a fish i could jiggle like this, that would be really fun for like 15 minutes!
no mutt we cant use this! it has to have small by small wheels! SMALL BY SMALL WHEELS!?
NOOOO! i watched bussy connoisseur cumbust right before my eyes!
tony with the reeses puffs blendie
man wants two orders of cum!?
cock n balls back at it again!
god giveth, and god taketh away. . .noooo my research booster expired!
GOOD GRIEF JUST PRESS J
oh shittles! of fuckles! oh logical my balls! theres a GIANT DEATH LAZER!
its like chronic on demand diharrea
I got dicked! what how where!?
mwahaha! he has to choose between being fat and fun!
you lost to the tofurkussy!
holy shit, holy fuck! tim tokyo drifting a fedex truck!
this movies so old- theres the twin towers!
watchout boys, santas got heavy ordinance!
what the fuck is this? its like an orchestral version of someone shitting their brains out in a taco bell
use the oogl: "where does iron spawn in real life?"
the plane from monsters vs aliens is everything I want in a woman
mutt moment, speaking of which where is the little bugger?
tgi fridays is about to become tgi yesterdays!
ps1 tomb raider laura croft boobies? bro they rival giza!
mutt im gonna need you to un-regurgitate that so i can fix a hole in the truck
im gonna brown! you already did!
im gonna be suuuper racist
if i spent 20,000 dollars on lemons i would- mm, maybe
i need you like fat people need cake!
its named uzbeckistan and it consists of a cab one gun and a wheel
she got the same curves as an mri machine. wOah thats like pretty curvy bro I would know ive been in em atleast 9 times. Well that was the inside you havent been on the inside of esthers mri machine. Well then i guess its time to get started, ayo scan me girl.
why is darth vader comitting testicular torsion
why does your toilet have child bearing hips?
i see tank i shoot tank! results may vary!
I was killed by the shitty dubstep!
id buy one for gits and shiggles
you IRRADIATED THE CALIFORNIAN MOUNTAINS??? yes.
WHY ISN'T ANYTHING WORKING? WE say that a lot about Traincraft.
i like that sled-ex car because you can turn the ornament into a bomb!
i'm fishin' in the bike lane
AAAEEUUUGGGHHHHH §opainful ball-scratching noises§r
DEMOMAN
the first victim of the system
I look away for 10 minutes and General Grivous is levitating!
without context its burger king #2, its like mambo #5!
waitwaitwait i wasnt listening till i heard olive garden
Why is C3PO a maid?
RONALDO REAGAN!?
turd town 2 terminal railroad - the #2 railroad in turd town 2!
what if all star sang ocean man?
the secret to succ!
damn i thought it would be F for Blowjob!
drowns due to soup in face
If you have quicksand, at least make it deadly, not this pathetic little puddle by the tracks!
so, yknow, britain and russia have issues!
If Europe is so beautiful then like, why are 90 percent of them bitches?
That music sounds like he is reviewing cows
Remember kids, Always smoke your cigar by the propane plant
lemme eat my ass burgers in peace!
he loves the book not for its cover but for its WORDS!
You're fucking the dictionary!
ah yes yes yes, its coming together! the b r o w n!
im gonna stab you in the seinfield
Great We now have jackass action
Gay Bacon~
Bida? Why are you a smartass sometimes? It's because its better than being a dumbass
are you stroking dominiks creamy interior? you know, that was supposed to sound bad, but that sounded more worse than i thought it would be!
IM MAGIC! im the only know who knows how to model GE correctly!
hes piss flavored now. YESSSS!!! AWESOMEEE!
dammit, my fishing rod is in bigj's cum!
god peppino must have such high blood pressure
enough softball- wheres hardball!? check your pants~
since when was mulan an anime!?
mr squiiiIIIEEEEEEDDDDDDDWERD! i squIDSceNDED!
whopper whopper whopper whopper
junior double triple whopper
carpenters block! go!
hOOOOOHHH! a BURGER KING!
nooo! courtroom peeeee!
I AM COMEING! Stop Cumming!
its simultaneously here and not here! its Schrodinger's tostitos!
He's B for Backwards!
its a fucking tangerine
i am walter white 64 i am the one who collects the stars!
doofinsmirts with JIZZLE PHSSYICCSS
abraham lincoln was not real
stop putting mannequins in the vents! SDM walks through those!
baldis toilet is in the way of SDMs pathfindinnnnggg!
quit blocking my way with urinals!
i stuffed a whole bag of rotary phone up my ass
I have 56,000 construction children
she tennisis on my balls till i hail!
speaking of fat people and thier dicks!
J for twink!
we love non-potable water!
She's my type she owns a Wii U
god dammit, frank sinatra stop looping
§oAncient plane and farting noises§r
§odies in french§r
NOOOOOOOOO! RICK HARRISON WAS SLAIN BY A ZOMBIE!
the Mayeeta Bandit always watches
THIS IS IT LUIGI
why are there so many videos of foxes eating cucumbers?
hey bida can i peg you
i cant hear anything over the military!
PENIS FONT
messicrew delaying the update as usual i see
What is scarier than a thanos cart?  A British running thanos car §ocollides with cube's locomotive§r
Buttsecks §oRams into Cubes detailed train§r
You also got drunk rednecks that would try to climb the poles and get themselves killed
Bigj, stop snorting the hydrocarbons!
yeah, 10 o'clock, seems like the perfect time to start something big
I didn't ask you, you six sided piece of shit
something something balls shut mouth
IM SLOWING!!! OOOUUUPPPSS!!!
what? a boner is a natural wonder?
I knew Hitler was a fucking Spy!
I'm dominating Hitler!
dont bust a nut in the lead unit!
I'm enjoying writing my novel. It has Gay Sex in it!
hEY you cant whopper you way outta this!?
MY PROPAGANDA! NOOOO!!!!!
Soild. Liquid. Gas. General Electric went up my Ass.
gawd damnit bigJ your giant penis broke the cooling fan!
oh god the micro poos! get out!
hey look its the Amtrak #69 from san diego to taco bell!
opera go FASTER i wana look at the BALLS
Why can't I mout Chair Fucker?
§oin the distance: §rahhH NOO OHHHNOOOOO §oloud thud§r
oh NOO ITS DEPRESSURIZING LIKE THE SPACEX STARSHIPP
is that a lemme do it for you in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
i only get in dick measuring contests when i know my dick is gonna be bigger
toobad i cant just like pick up sulfuric acid with my hands
You know what my problem is? Not enough bitches. §lYOU HAVE 3§r
oh, the neighbors are banging their baby on the dumpster again. nothing new
if you see this splash on the main menu, send it to bida for a free coupon!
bookkeeping and burgers belong together
can i help you? no you cant bye. oh ok §oR3F4 died§r
The only thing that is keeping me from kicking these Jerry ass old people at Wii Bowling is me. I am the flight of stairs.
Y'all like a bunch of rats, focused on the cheese and not the trap
Rez is with his GF. His Greatest common Factor? Yes, the greatest common factor of his relationship continuing
That's not Champange! §oRez spits into his Mug§r
were gonna take these pickanick baskets back to nam booboo!
o o o, o rileeeyyyy, autoparts! §oR3F4 died.§r Where is the ow? There it is!
HA! Messicrew's tip isn't capitalized!
I don't think milk is a plant
Its cartoon violence. Your mouth will seperate from your body and you will say "Ow"
i got water and dark chocolate and i come back to §lfrench kissing§r
pudding standard cars!
detroit become Del Taco!
dont quote me on that
Whoops, there goes someone's Grandma!
I feel like stepping on a mine! §oexplosion§r
you step on it! §omines go off§r
im limestone
trust the process or something
damn the fact that taco bells out here accusing taco johns of "depriving the world of sunlight" is kinda intense!
I am going to floss §oflosses and gets hit by a pickup truck§r
No, fuck you. I got time on you and I’m not gonna do that.
i did another mid torso dick again! aaaah!
ashoka gives that jedi-level sloppy toppy!
you pick the most touchable vehicles!
I think you made car-centric infrastructure, but with trains!
i like how the antonym for magic is british
Nooooooooooo What in the fucking fuck fuck?!
i tapped the chode
church of the latter-day piece of remaining cobblestone
THERE IS NO W IN BALDWIN!
g
who?
Yeah, I am better than cool, You know why? Because im inevitable!
Last time you saw my town you blew up my burger king!
green bean bitch insulting some goldfish
If you dont like our models, remember our name is W-W-C-P. Got that?
§oJFK was shot by benbrown869§r
§oISIS tried to swim in lava to escape R3F4§r
§oMr B was blown up by ISIS§r
§oCubed64 was slain by British "People"§r
§othe rrpicturearchive servers was blown up by the rrpicturearchive servers§r
§oCubed64 was blown up by the rrpicturearchive servers§r
Working with the Russians is basically Weekend at Bernie's
I TEXTED THE PERMIAN BAISIN SUPERORGANISM AT 3 AM??? GONE WRONG/SEXDUAL???//??
lemme go fuck myself with a piston
Say Gex!
bida your still a woman, you need to fix that
i did another mid torso dick again! aaaah!
dude vore is quite funny
§lROUND§r
YOU ADDED A §oROUND§r EMOJI TO THE SERVER?!?!?!
if only i E=MCcared
Crankshaft did a impression of reagen and died
she Antiques on my Navigator till i Photo Hotlinked
Do you know how long it took me to make Peters face?
Your a plane kisser aren't you?
the AR in alligator stand  for ar        15 -§oBidahochi§r on §oThe Difference Between Rifles and Assault Rifles§r
§oOceanView Titan Submersible was radiated by benbrown869§r Wow, that was tougher than the real thing!
the siemens charger is literally an american vectron
ohhh say can you seeeeee, a child alone in the streeeeet!
I an alien, I enjoy probing peoples butts
strange peubs, slightly singed
if i had a nickle for every time antiques navigator showed up in splashes.txt, id have 4 nickles!
§oGremlin Laughter§r  I AM THE PENATRATOR
Oklahoma is coming out tomorrow. What? Oklahoma is gay?!
23 megabytes of FOSSILIZED DIONSAUR BOOTY!?
the chicago and bar-b-que railroad (CBBQ)
Hey lets put the CDs and uh... Hey wait, where's the space force!?
dont get succ'ed away by the sussy ocean blowjob
boobs does not start with M. not if their massive they aint!
physically impossible pants
it has yet to find any other pingai besides one
i threw a stick one way, now my shoulder hurts for the rest. anyway heres my email.
There's always more piss
out of the ocean, come the hamburgers
she penn on my central till i rotten potato
its called the dictionary!
mr bida theres been a second thanos cart!
yeah ill get jacked off by a ghost thanks
you can come inside baldis ass
meraSMUs has moveD the bOlster!!
imagine microwaving pasta! imagine microwaving a bomb.
Why do your titties work and not my ears?
I stole vald's banana. You know whats even better, I stole vlad's scrotum fruit
theres a dunkin doughnuts over here? ITS A VLAD OWNED DUNKIN DOUGHNUTS!?
make the das poopenfarden man go rEE
the occasional rock solid bullshit
hey i need to buy the super death ray gun SHUTTHE FUCJK UP IM GAMING
what a wonderful kind of day! you can learn to laugh and play? §land take a violent shit§r
Bida, stop hitting my boyfriend
"h"  §otakes a photo§r
Bida is eating a wiener, and I want to watch!
she liberty on my launcher till i increased AOE
remember kids, watermellons are made for bulkheads
glizzy overdrive geuahahehalahealheah
Who put a crater in my ass?
can i interact with him by touching his crotch? yes.
e gadd: hutta hutta akbar §oblows up world trade center§r
is that fucking canned cheeseburger FUCK OFF
what up, soo line here, just ate the milwaukee road for breakfast, how u doin?
its retail, §oon the rails!§r
she mayeeta on my bandit till i missing texture
whatt'le it be FELLuHS? a fELLOni!? ore a MISSDEMAnoEr!?
hunter harrison does not foam the ANE
maybe if you loved eachother more my cars would get to their destinations!
the ACL had buttsecks with willy fucking wonka
try not to break anything- oops i broke something
why did that chocolate milk ad have porn music? why are you watching porn of chocolate milk?
dont you hate it when a boner decides to morb into your centerbeam
CN ones have like... Boody Wedge
It sounds like a Bus. Less Gooo!
Messicrew shitting himself, my favorite flavor!
Everytime a CF7 is scrapped in modern day times, Bida dies a bit
Cum goes in boxes, Pee goes in jars
Im sure the universe is indifferent on what is your pants
spooky scary skeletoncars send friction bearings down the maaaiiin
i got stuck in the deep fryer for 30 seconds! you hear about rats in the deep fryer? nah thats just me
she golly on my gee till i willikers
im pipe bomb the fridge
id rather accidentally OwO than Nyah~
derailed on the main steve! derailed hUUHH!?
im cussing outta my ears!
i have ejected
i have mixed feelings about the shart
harry potter is the coolest book ive ever read
anything shit, is based
minimal homo
* Messicrew leans against ben and wants to kiss him
instatnt HOLE §o R3F4 was nuked§r
la erotica dey homo
el fucking sexo dey gay
yeah cus the gay slimes are gonna keep on commin back! aw man i hate when the gay slimes keep on cummin~!
oh yeah i forgot midgets dont burn in the sunlight!
why the FUCK!? AM I IN A ROOM!? WITH BIDA AND THANOS!?!?
they locked me in a croissant once, a croissant full of llamas, the llamas make me craaazeeee
its called edging squid!
these Phantoms stronkin ma shit real good
why is bidas back door winking at me?
would you join the centaur jerk circle?
would you throat fuck the cupcake? [from fnaf] what do you think the throat game of the cupcake is?
why is pornhb the first thing that popped up it says FNAF CHICKA PUSSAH!?
bro is so deep in the closet he is finding christmas presents
The Brugh and Oh My God Shut the Fuck up Railroad!
click on his penis to learn more
"how big of a world edit JC?" - Cubed, 12/03/2023, only moments before a server crash
hey man, the world is just one giant shower
all of my staff have been loyally hard
i found like 6 license plates in a homeless camp once
can't quirk your way out of a bad decision
thats a jc question i suppose §oJCRail is now AFK.§r
neil armstrong died when the moon lander slammed into the surface of the moon and blew up
yeah i mean horizons are cool but i prefer to call them comets with an identity crisis
There's more to life than WPEEEEEEEE
NOOOOO, that's the useful end
Copyright, smopyright. Its a fucking minecraft server.
gods playing factory sim! leave god alone!
Everyone wants a piece of this Fox, and I don't know why
I am gonna lightning mcream my jeans §obuzzer noise§r
Our first §lTHIC§rcomb diesel
I eat weiners. WHOA
i only use my powers for good and not evil!
Ground control to major cubed
Yea, I can force players to do things. I'm the CIA
§lB U H§r
Hey, bida what is the correct ass?
i dont know if i should say owo or oh god
why did you have 60 pies up your ass!?
submit to your overhead wire desire~
It is not shitting bees out- §owall shits out bees§r
Who the fuck filled my port with TREEES
search deez balls
ahhoops, There goes the White House
oh ima break your mind~ §oSDM_Sapphire left the game.§r
My Gamemode has been updated? §oRezRising was shot by SDM_Sapphire.§r
shit uuuuuuuh
Connection Lost: HOE
EVERYONE PRESS TRIANGLE §lServer has stopped§r
I just just so happen to grab my friends balls
I hear a fairy... Oh my gosh ones trying to hump a GP40
bros before hoes, the freight must flows
yay ben! im not actually gonna scream at you! kiss me on my hot mouth!
I take your 8 inches in installments
GriefPrevention: Muted spam from Messicrew: good
You ate all the Bubblegum. AND THE DAMN MACHINE!
§ogunshots§r thats it, im becoming an illegal immigrant
a bay window in your bathroom!? say no more!
fuckin air traffic control lookin ass
dimensional lumber? i hardly know er!
just like, have arie pegg coomer! finally CSX will be fixed!
he pulled out his meat! i was gonna battle him!
who the fuck names a moon little shit!?
He's so fat, he makes bigj look small!
bigj, use your mexican powerwashing crew to clean freddy fazbear!
We must try and find OH NO
its a submarine above the water. oh, so its an abovemarine?
bida what did you do? set 36,000 blocks of grass, just give it a minute it will be fine
woah, water is wet? no way.
YOU STOLE MY FANFICTION YOU BASTARD!!!!!
bigj when he sticks his cock in the high voltage cabinet
these government drones are tough! not tough enough for my taxpayer dollars!
wow! having a steamy BN gang bang in here!
Penile trauma
the Ball-Scratcher Zephyr!
CSX. Equipment. Defector: Messicrew. Detected. Shitting. Turbocharger. Detector Out.
BigJ's ass exceeds plate F
when i say im gonna do ops i mean im gonna do ops. i mean that. i mean that so much im rawdogging it up here in a c39-8
we do NOT need an APPLEBBES in SPAWN!
WERE GAMING! WERE GAMING! GOODBYE!
coom demotion? >vasectomy
thats not a sex dungeon, thats a sex crucifixion
wOOOAAAAAhhHHHh!!!111!!1! coomers a BL2 toucher!!!!11!!!1!1
I, AKU, WAS BANNED FROM WILLY WONKAS CHOCOLATE FACTORY FOR TAKING AN EXPLOSIVE TACO-BELL SHIT IN THE CHOCOLATE RIVERRR
ewwww D Va! your like GnERF THIS and shit your own ass!
the pOKE yuor balls comPANy §oburp§r
the words "cum" and "death" should mean the same thing to you!
is that a budd 10-6-2 sleeper in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
you forget jc, feet pics always wins!
My roof is drowning in milk!
... their too busy sucking hollywood's cock!
Come look at the Target Balls!
Anything is an anal bead if you try hard enough
If your cold, hes cold, put him up your ass!
oH mY gOODneZ its STAR trEK i §lMUST FUCK CAPTIAN PICAAAAARRRRRDDDDDDDDD§r
we need like 20,000 deep fryers. . . . and 1 blender
i need to put a uranil in the mens bathroom. Its called a sink!
uhm actually this is indigo green, and this is indigo green 2! how about you indigo fuck yourself!
You sound like R2D2 when I hit you in the nuts!
IM JUST WET OKAY!?
SDM im gonna vore you
BUT- THE DINNER!?- WHERE IS IT!?!?
im good at telling people their annoying or wrong BOTH!
EVERYONE CLEAR THE FUCKING AREA IM GONNA CUM
i came thomas back into him!
i am NOT a pedophilia clown thank-you-very-much
you gonna sue the ocean? fuck you poseidon you drowned my drone!
oh noooo he has down syndrome!
Can I get a singular opinion on this?
Wheel.
Thank you very much.
S D of M you better be wearing pants
how fast is your gravey~?
the mimic died due to boners :(
i got sticky spammed by jesus has a micro penis!
I look up and all I see is ass!
Going to Arizona!!! AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
WHIP ME SO I CAN GO FASTER!!!!
bruh didnt even quote me right smh
ill turn CHILD PORN off
oopsi fuckin poopsi
im gonna bite you
im gonna bite your guns
The snack that smiles back! Bomb Them!
mmmmmm sticc ur dicc in a bottle of morphine
You haven't died yet! For Now! §oTrain Derails§r
well fuck you im not the loving supportive mother, im the drunk abusive dad go fuck yourself
hot single scale testers in your area! these boys are dying to weigh you!
i dunno, i wana wash my box of bachmann track in a bucket of yogurt
imagine getting a worm in your brain only to be ranked #7 on the kennedy brain scale
this page left blank intentionally!
nobody wakes§o me§r up in the early morning hours of mothers day just to chew me out over their own inability to use brain!
Pull the lever, Kronk!§o wcfb75 fell from a high place§r wrong leverrrrrr!
§o Random Dying noises§r
being a bitch is exhausting
lemme say one thing: time set 27350
why do i hear a beehive? DOMINIK STOP STUFFING IT WITH BEES!
why is your smokestack uncircumsized?
The dawg in me- is no longer in me. Send prayers
I barely made it out by the seat of my pants (literally)!
SDM ITS PISSING SDM!!!
Midgets aren't allowed to burn in the sun cause they are the scum of the Earth!
ooh lord mighty jeebus cringle, why my balls itchy?
loooong agoooo in a distant land- THERES 2 SNIPERS BODYSHOTTING ME
shits your pants§o clap clap§r neeeeeed to wipe!
if george washington didnt try to market garden me i woulda-
JOE SCRATCH-MY-BALLS BIDENNNNN! HES GOT MY VOTE!
the aztecs got bought out by general motors!? darn!
OOH! do bigj's crushed balls need to be refrigerated?
your a whore!? i knew it! woooOoOAAaaAAhHOoOOo
i am karen
whos squidward
look at all the poopy brown options! this ones a see through poopy!
wait fuck i got two cocks
mr frenches france french restaurant or whatever the fuck
my penis its hard wOOoOOOw
Oh my God why are you BASED!?!
lemme pull up my furry dictionary.  .  . ah here we go! §l mating press!§r
congratulations! SKYPE!
los hermandos transmissionos
you can be a pain in my ass anytime~
wait for this to heat up, and then the sacrifices will begin~
you cant corndo- you cor- cant dong- buy corndog -cant buy hotdo-corndogFUCK
O Fucking WO (again)
29 buried, zero found. 2 by 4 lookin ass!
time set 23750: the block
eating car tires, man, it clogs the digestive system
jc your the kind of person to microwave a steak. YEAH I DO
everyone smile for the meth kit!
mogus, h, staff activate!
§o R3F4 blew up§r§l Server has stopped§r I DIDNT DO IT
theres too many furries
whomp whomp shoulda been on the water level instead bitch!
i spent 4 morbillion dollars to launch this silly putty into space to watch it!
drain-the-cock johnson!
RTOFC! round thing on flat car!
why is yuor ass so fat!?!
if it can support us fucking in it, then its fine!
CAN YOU STOP DOING EROTIC RP ON MY DESK?!
what is this? is this GLUE? this isnt glue its milkYOU MILKED ME!?
Oh I'm going to§l sauce.§r I'm going to§l flavour§r
flag color reassignment surgery
the REDDIT ROBOT takes a PT CRUISER to the MOOON!
jehovahs witnesses? what did they witness? isnt jehovah a pokemon reigon??
ohmygod its WEEZER
omg im cumming§l imWastey left the server§r
Yaba-daba-constipation
Fully Legal Train consist? What's that?
there is no reason to not pet my mullet
They're kinda genderless, there is nothing going on in the undercarriage
They said today was the hottest day on record. I argue that two Cities in Japan have higher records!
brown is three! fuck you!
oh jesus christ, the smell that came out of my armpit
Holy SHIT, ERECTTV!
Fuck, you shove a piston in my ass!
why is toesucking the topic! you coulda picked ANYTHING!?
inyourendO
i think only kitsunes get extra lives. im not japanese, so i dont count
whadda ya mean a giant spider is molesting my genitals and making me nauseous??
always gyatting mike rizzauski, always gyatting
i LOVE planet sheen!
It's Recovering! Its Discovering! OH NO!
I hear A FAIRY!§o Gunshots§r
not liking minecraft? thats a tragedy, thats like being born with a mental illness
it has a certain charm to it but at the same time this feels like a puppy thats missing its legs, like aww, ewww
are we ok with mining? is the SERVER ok with mining?
wait how are you breathing under water? im notHOOOHHHHHH
ngl, that ice cream machine kinda soundin like a mars light
Time to reverse my image- So we can finger each other!
Your not Shamu! We dont give you doggy treats for doing magic tricks in the water!
dont you "oh no anyway" the fat tank cars or else ill "oh no anyway" your life!
britain pissed on the fire and it is no more
JC has TITS!? dot BotTOMteXT!?
your face is no match for my crowbar!
according to Vsauce, the rape advice hotline is for "victims"
huh         oh dear         §oCubed46 fell from a high place§r
oh my god send i need to follow trackmobile on twitter
Hello Cow! §oburps§r
But Squidward! You had to do community service for touching Barancle Boy's crusty tootsies!
are you still watching the train stuff?
its the ancient Sumerian gum ride, you cant possibly clean all the gum!
you have gay love in the attic im gonna grab this battery
im extraordinarily dumb
bigj turns into butter
darn i hate when my cells take a ride through the linkage system
yell-fucking-o!
oooh boy i sure do love ℹ️its my new favorite emoji behind 🛄 and 🚱!
oooh boy i sure do love :information_source: its my new favorite emoji behind :baggage_claim: and :non_potable_water:!
eyup! im bias!
HE TASTES LIKE BUTTEUUURRRRRR!!!
Thank you Siggy. My little Japanese OOWW
you dont have a folder full of tim allen emojis what the fuck is wrong with you
why is mung dahl lecturing bitchward on how to make a slowmato sandwich?
vc naow or i cursh your nuts like sparrow egg between thighs
Fuck me harder Station Roof Tiles!
d!complain I hate men.§o The Dad Bot crew has been notified§r
hMmMMMMM!? what if we UNdiscontinue the tank cars??
but its MARYLAND!? WHO CARES!?
bad and naughty GEs get put in the image wiggler to atone for their crimes
how is an electric substation 3 bedroom 2 bath!?
oh hey i found the cloudy with a chance of meatballs cop shitting his pants
He's got Dr. T Energy!
Houston we have a Problem. The problem is that its fucking retarded
i said thailand not dieland! theres a diff- well, when i think about it, there really isnt, but you know what i mean!
He's gone. Phew. No more thailand 4 me
wanna get a tutorial
id rather get detonated by a volcano than swarmed in rich people sauce
hariesh gonna come in here with his "Save god the Meme!"
uhh, US Army? i dont have enough penetration to destroy panzers. . .uh heres the M3 Lee
uhhh germany? im not france. . . uhh heres invasion anyway!
dont you hate when carl wheezer joins the kreigsmarine?
woooaaahhhooowww! dont care.
I am going to make a Powerplant! How original. Im going to use it with BigReactors! Daring today arent we?
jc:§o gasps      dies§r
NO REZ! DON'T LOOK UP PORN ON THE SERVER MACHINE!
WHADDAYA MEAN THEIR CLOSED!? WALMARTS 24 HOURS!
BeeVille in? no thanks, Motel 6 1/2 is better. OH NO THEY HAVE FREE WIFI I CANT TOP THAT!
sdm a boomer
Gonna have hot Roomba Sex
You pinch the servers pennies they pinch back!
I love USB Type C, it's hot, it's fast, and it goes both ways, like me.
close, but i believe the correct term is§o Goofuck GaaU§r
captain crunch is defiantly in command of an aircraft carrier
eyuck,§o british§r
you stupid bitch as usual
jc moments before being arrested for touching small children
damn im so smart i ate something off the floor
§oMessicrew was pricked to death.§r good
haha it censors any curse words! fuck you
AIGHT YALL GETTING THE FOOT §oPlayer [Admin]~Bida banned geeman100 for: THE FOX FOOT HAS SPOKEN.
im more on the engineering side. That a womens uterus would fly out if she went over 30 mph
we call it the Chris Paradox. Or the Chris Effect. When you approach a bathroom door, regardless of the gender it be labeled as, Chris will have at least a percentage chance of clogging at least 1 toilet
woah, its swolle dude from monsters incorporated!
At least it's not the cum burger! Aww
GAH! Somone put an EXTRA DOOR!
Beeep Beeep, disappointment coming through
I DONT GIVE A SHIT! I JUST WANA SHITTTT!
mayonnaise is an EMOTION!?!?
POV: Spingebob go get Paul Blart I got my balls stuck in the escalator again
ITS DINNER TIME -geemans family loudly in the background as geeman continues to blabble about some crap that i wasnt paying attention to
if the room smells like semen? dont worry its not mine -jc after drinking 30 samples of juice that makes you cum really hard
Im the only one who is allowed to post Baldi Cake!
im gonna get sat on please help!
but how §obig §ris orion!?
Bida as the gay expert can you please explain the cultural differences between ballsack and nutsack?
Jayceee please be the server daddy and fuck me in the ass
I Like Making Screeching Noises
u jelly? u mad bro u mad? trollface emoji?
alright campers! i heard from an anonymous source that someones been posting thomas the tank futa in the furry channel! not cool dudes.
your not having a 3some with the acella unit jc! i know!
wow! fbi agent remains! my favorite!
im judging you both! stare! stare! judgemental noises
Oh my Goodness! AiRpLanE CoCk
thats a metaphor for nuts!
why are the cubes comming? they WHAT!? NOT THAT WORD YOU HORNY BITCH
no patrick, masturbation is not a form of artistic expression
we are a nintendo family, we were raised on good morals, and super mario kart!
bwaw cha cha oh man cha shit ma pants
I want to milk the Martins to see what Milk they have!
Bida's upgrading wagons without our consent
Remember. There's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over
its a "big honor" that i sent you a video of a squirrel shitting!
dEm o MAnN i ggot into the mEdicine CabinEnt and TOuhCed All tHe tYLenOl WErRErsdeRe
NOOOOO, not them too!
AVENGE ME ITALIAN CAR!
Fuck! I hate getting my Eights backwards!
wait- no! thats wrong! WRONG! §oWRONG!§r FUCKING LIONEL JESUS CHRIST
Binky likes Rhinoplastics. That means Nose Job. A Narwhal is a Dolphin with a Horn. Im here too.
then the germans were all like schnitzen wing wong ching dong waffenshish this is not ok!
MACARONI SALAD IS THE IMPASTA
hang on im gonna go make a hariesh penis ill be back
im riding him like a horse! which sounds really really bad when i think about it!
stop fapping and get over here
Fuck Dominic. E. E. g. E. E. E. E. E. E. E.
tripping halfway on the bachmann display!
darn jc bababooeyshat on my solid pasta
your already sus because your railroad is named FUCKING CUM!
Now i will walk into Walmallcopblart and look and say Oh MY GOD its a scotsmass scrottomisium frootius!§o Money Explodes§r
hEyyy squIDwaRd you want a blOWjoB?
i dOnT sPeAk EsPanYoLO oVeR hErE!
hm yes the floor here is made out of tile.armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox6.name
hey bitchward, why arent you working at the crusty swag!?
Nothing is classier than Santa Fe
you see me get a flame thrower and burn my house down. radical man!
once uhtonna pime
THEY FUCKED WITH MY F
You panicked and tried to drink milk then died!
Oh my God
Omg
Oi Wanker can I get a @Deleted User cocktail!
when you use zebra as a synonym for accordion
bigjoopus
wait, Hitler saw my nuts?
awwweee it doesnt show the penis flying away!
my enormous pEeEeNiSSsS!
i cant see the gui cus ugandan knuckles ass is in the way! ooohhh god its so biiiggggg
S F M time to take A PREGNANCY TEST?!
That's marketing class, not masturbating class
dARN GAGA you interrupted my ROBLOS monologue!
I THOUGHT I WAS FREE FROM SEXY WHEEZER
when yoshi touches you in the wrong place DAUGH HOOoooAAAOooOO
Skimping on the side quests aren’t we?
im speedrunning fucking skim milk!
§o unintelligible muscle man noises§r
for your information, i like stuff that looks like a doorknob!
but i LIKE diarrhea slope!
Jumbology!§o EXPLOSION§r
I voluintold you to stream to JC!
h-hey louis, i flushed your body down the toilet nyehehehehehe
arrrrrriiieeeee, whyd you blow up the world trade center?!
ONE HANDED TOO. THIS FUCKER CAN EAT A FRIDGE IN ONE GULP
your name is mr faggawt and your really bicurious?
the crumbs have been in there since the first coming of jesus christ!
valla vazoom i am leaving your household§o ECHO FART§r
practice safe CSX!
What, you dont like potato sperm in your nose JC?
Go hang a salami Im a lasagna hog
I gotta give it the jiggle
wait merasmus why were you in the bathroom living off of nothing but meth and toilet water!?
im good at rocks
betteires up the ass
finally?! oh!? oh whats that!?? windows!!??!
ladies, ladies§o earrape fart noise§r
how do the blind wipe their ass? brail toilet paper!
§o magical particle effect trap sound combined with JC grunting in pain loudly§r
would you like a regular society as well?
who the fuck is Tim buckley? FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKDICKDICKDICKDICK
you would be like OOOH BURGER KING and like annihilate a dumpster
why is there hitler
demoman cooming was too powerful for your swears!
Messi gets into a fight with TC and loses
if you were on Jupiter, your dick would be a blender!
hes just flicking away the drip notes!
GNOME NOTES! §lGO. UP. NOW.§r
the vast echoing expanse of the walmart bathroom
chrispy, jc fucking farted on my monologue!
scary snot gremlin vs diabetic popcorn chicken
that shit cold af
i dont want king ooga booga to piss on me! oh no king ooga booga turned purple!
wait your at work? how does that work!?
bend your knees~!
but what about the bears? ill eat them as well
oh yes i will finally eat the crockpot thats been sitting up there for three months!
my dicc is a dOUGh nUTt
im gonna run you over in a car because your roadkill to me!
He fell into a pit and died!
can my pronouns be SHIT and SHATTED!?!?
i don't think messi is a very good game
that went as well as it was planned, shitingly
Buy it, use it, break it, fix it, trash it, change it, mail, upgrade it, Charge it, point it, zoom it, press it, snap it, work it, quick erase it, Write it, cut it, paste it, save it, load it, check it, quick rewrite it, Plug it, play it, burn it, rip it, drag it, drop it, zip - unzip it, Surf it, scroll it, pause it, click it, cross it, crack it, switch, update it, Name it, read it, tune it, print it, scan it, send it, fax, rename it, Touch it, bring it, pay it, watch it, turn it, leave it, stop, format it
do i have a butt? no i have butter that will work!
mm yes i boil my minecraft mods on a stove
i can spend in game cash, to get in game cash!?
were launching Rez's into mars!
what if we kissed under the ubi scooti supernova
UBI SCOOTI GAVE BIRTH! AAH UBI SCOOTI GAVE BIRTH AGAIN!
i wana figure out how life works, so i can destroy it with ubi scooti!
oh my god what did ubi scooti do!!?
its like IM BATMAN but im PLOW!
just dont spam custom doors or else i will raid them and perform satanic rituals with them resulting in their untimely destruction
§oPeachMaster was consumed by the shadows§r
what the hell sdm
ive got a real pants shitting situation over here
i need a glass of gucci
why is syrup wearing bigjs penis?
Connection Lost: Fuck you Vancouver you made Biden win
god bless her majesty!§o deep inhale§r ooohhhhh yeeeaaaahhhhhhhh!!!
Ive made it give birth! i guess wcfb's the daddy!
its literally a block that you place down and then you stick a nether star up your ass and then you stick another nether star up its ass
ben can i eat you? oooh! in a non sexual non vore way? awwww
Some days, Rez's builds make me feel like less of a man
so your saying bigj needs to put on tire chains to go upstairs!?!?!?
I might have to apologize to Minecraft Story Mode
§oBigJ1359 was slain by Messicrew using [DIARREHA OF THE MOUTH]§r
yeahh, vagina
i assume its child pornography. WAIT A MINUTE-
your turn dominik your black! ill make you black!
you have to pick between sex, sex, or femboy mom!
mecha hitler, the musical
awww mannnn, i wasted the midgets
is tbea a total kinkster? or is tbea a muslem? lemme think for a minute
is it just me or is discord being weird today §oentire discord call is disconnected and reconnected at the same time§r
IM MPREGGING MADELINE I NEED REINFORCEMENTS
now sdm will blossom several months later next spring
IS TIM ALLEN SDMS FURSONA?????
SDM FARTED IN THE STAFF CHAT IT WAS SO FUCGIN FUNNE
He tastes sweet
#1 Victory Royale. Yea Benadryl we just ran out! RAN OUT!
no balls. no fuckin balls. give me 44 thousand clown emojis!
it might be a fucking lizard. like mark Zuckerberg! yeah, but with tits!
That is not the Willy Wonka flag, that is the old lesbian flag
Leave my terrorist plans out of this!
Wait? We are talking about locktight and not jizz?
I'm a former professional Twitch Catgirl
Let me find "Fart" in my DMs
can we stahp having sex roleplay in NO MIC
TRIPLETS BORN, THE THRONE AWAITS
In my defense, id rather be bodyslamming you
Dark chocolate can kill dogs faster than milk chocolate!
call me a dragon the way i creamed that minivan
Peta.. maybe the real 𝓯𝓻𝓮𝓪𝓴 was the coyote we made along the way
OH NO THE SHIT POWERED HYDROELECTRIC DAM IS OVERFLOWING
i gave you my pipe lets go
i piped you up whats wrong
Oh you can insert...... deez nuts.... into your mouth!
